rocq doc replace @@TITLE@@ in header with page title, use in corelib (#20907)
rocq-prover/rocq: doc/sphinx/using/tools/coqdoc.rst

  :--charset string: Specify the HTML character set, to be inserted in
    the HTML header.

Custom HTML header and footer
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

With `--with-header` and `--with-footer` respectively, in HTML mode
`rocq doc` will include the header at the beginning and the footer at
the end of the file.

> Additionnally the string `@@TITLE@@` is replace by the page title in the header file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, the string `@@TITLE@@` is replaced by the page title in the header file.
```
